Default Lease Count Quota: Document pre-1.9 upgrades (#25559)
hashicorp/vault: website/content/partials/known-issues/1_16-default-lcq-pre-1_9-upgrade.mdx

> ### Default Lease Count Quota enabled when upgrading from Vault versions before 1.9

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Default lease count quotas enabled when upgrading from Vault versions before 1.9
```

Style correction: use sentence case for headings, reserve capitalization for product names rather than features

#### Affected versions

> - 1.16.0

Reviewer 2: Hmm, this would affect every version from 1.16 onwards, right? So 1.16.1, 1.16.2, 1.17.5, etc. I'm not sure how we usually do this, but it'd be great if we could indicate as much in the 'affected versions'.

Reviewer 2: I think we instruct customers to read breaking changes in previous versions, too, so I don't know that there's a worry about this not being in 1.17, but I want to avoid folks reading it in a way that sounds like it might be 'fixed' in the future

Reviewer: We can use 1.16+ as the affected version to indicate that it affects every version starting with 1.16

Author: Good call. We can just say 1.16.0+, I think!

#### Issue

> Default Lease Count Quotas are enabled for new clusters by consulting Vault's
> past versions.
> 
> However, the version store was introduced in 1.9. As a result, upgrading from a
> version prior to 1.9 enables the Default Lease Count Quota.
> 
> You can query the quota via the `/sys/quotas/lease-count/default` endpoint, and
> modify or delete it as appropriate:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before v1.9, Vault used a variety of ways to enable lease counting. Vault 1.9
introduced the version store, which standardized enforcement for lease count
quotas and enabled quotas by default. As a result, upgrading from a version
prior to 1.9 automatically enables the default lease count quota on your Vault
clusters.

You can review, delete, and modify the default lease count quotas with the
[`/sys/quotas/lease-count/default`](vault/api-docs/system/lease-count-quotas)
endpoint:
```

Style correction: write in active voice

Author: I believe I fixed this in the latest pass, but if you get another chance to look, I'd appreciate it!

```shell-session
$ vault read sys/quotas/lease-count/default
$ vault delete sys/quotas/lease-count/default
$ vault write sys/quotas/lease-count/default max_leases=<# of max leases>

> ```

Reviewer 3: This context is super useful!

### Default lease count quota enabled when upgrading from Vault versions before 1.9

#### Affected versions

- 1.16+

#### Issue

> Default lease count quotas are enabled in v1.16+ for new installs by consulting
> the version store.
> 
> Before version 1.9, Vault did not maintain version history. As a result,
> upgrading from a version prior to 1.9 automatically enables a default lease
> count quota.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vault began tracking version history as of version 1.9. As of version 1.16, new
Vault installs automatically enable a lease count quota by consulting the
version history. If the version history does not include lease count quota
information, Vault assigns a default vault. As a result, when you upgrade Vault
from a version before 1.9, Vault automatically enables a default lease count quota.
```

Lets combine these two sections to make the connections more explicit for readers.

Author: The technical details are slightly different here, so I'm going to edit a bit, but I'll incorporate the feedback, thank you!

> Before performing an upgrade from Vault versions prior to 1.9 to versions 1.16+,
> first check the current number of unexpired leases via the
> [`vault.expire.num_leases`](/vault/docs/internals/telemetry#token-identity-and-lease-metrics)
> metric.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you upgrade Vault from a version prior to 1.9 to versions 1.16+,
you should check the current number of unexpired leases via the
[`vault.expire.num_leases`](/vault/docs/internals/telemetry#token-identity-and-lease-metrics)
metric.
```

Style correction: Write in active voice and address the reader directly when providing explicit instruction

If the number of unexpired leases is below the [default lease count
quota](/vault/docs/enterprise/lease-count-quotas#default-lease-count-quota),
value of 300000 no extra steps are required.

If the number of unexpired leases is greater than the default threshold of
300000, there is a two step workaround to safely upgrade:

> 1. Upgrade to any Vault version prior between 1.9 and 1.15 to populate the

Author: ```suggestion
1. Upgrade to any Vault version prior to 1.16 (between 1.9 and 1.15) to populate the
```

> 1. Upgrade to any Vault version prior between 1.9 and 1.15 to populate the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Upgrade to any Vault version between 1.9 and 1.15 to populate the
```

   version store.
2. Upgrade to Vault version 1.16+ without the default lease
   count quota.

> You can review, modify, and delete the global default quota via the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can review, modify, and delete the global default quota with the
```
Style correction: avoid "via" in favor of more common language
